listen you ever go to a theater as a
full-grown person and the mom sitting in
front of you turns around really wanted
a squire at a kid's movie without a kid
and asks excuse me but uh is this frozen
and while what you really want to say is
no ma'am this is a theatre you just nod
your head as our kid annoys her
throughout the entire feature but you
see whether you've had a child in the
last six years or not so many people
have had their Spotify frozen on let it
go it broke records it won the Oscar
parents I knew who were adamantly
against Disney had tickets to go see
frozen on ice this movie caused an Elsa
gate that almost ruined YouTube and
right when you thought they were about
to let it go
it's back again let me explain so I do
want to break down my thoughts for both
so in case you haven't seen them obvious
spoiler warning obviously but I want to
start with the origins of frozen
[Music]
when it comes to the first I actually
think it's a very cute story because it
took that tire trope of true love's kiss
and made it a story about the bond
between two sisters and how their
sibling love for each other breaks that
curse and that sibling story was massive
like I had Brother Bear growing up but
all of the sister movies were on Disney
Channel merrily in theatres so it's no
wonder this one caused an avalanche it's
inspired by a fairy tale from Hans
Christian Andersen titled The Snow Queen
which came out in the 1800s and it
wasn't until 2013 that it saw the screen
because they could finally animate down
to their fingertips this could represent
your camera exactly and then we could be
standing within the forest that you have
built on a computer at CGI forest and
then you can go round the forest with
the camera just like you can with a
real-life camera we can do it digitally
so what we're gonna do now is gonna give
you a little bit of a head-on collision
oh yeah he's coming straight past the
camera now yes see if you can follow him
as they pass you with the camera they
then got the director of Tarzan and
Surf's Up to helm this one the Lopezes
which I know unless you thought also was
a prema when I searched her up but
obviously the Lopezes
they're just oozing with musical talents
and then Jennifer Lee who previously
fixed up wreckit-ralph joint to help on
the script for frozen Jen Lee who wrote
the movie and co-directed it she
journaled as the characters four months
before she found this story she would
sit down as a writer part of her process
as she would journal as Elsa what's Elsa
doing today what's on her mind you know
that I didn't ice it's phenomenal what
Sanne doing today what's on her mind to
try to figure out a story that had value
and substance that wasn't just episode
two Jennifer Lee would then go on to
become co-director and then replace a
dude named John Lasseter who you know
was just the chief creative officer at
Walt Disney animated Studios but when
you listen to the different drafts that
they had for the story how learn from
Elsa being a villain to a hero from
every Disney movie not starting as a
musical and then I'm realizing where
Disney it should be a musical but it was
a creative space between the cast and
the filmmakers that sparked the magic
that is the movie the character of Anna
was
in just seemingly much more standard of
a Disney princess and she in my mind was
a little more finicky and a little more
uptight and I read it and I was caught
in this place of being very grateful for
having this job and also knowing that I
should say what my instincts were and
thankfully Chris buck and Jen Lee were
so collaborative I said listen I really
want to play me I want to play who I
needed to see when I was a little girl I
want someone who's goofy and who's weird
and doesn't fit a mold and who leads
with her heart and who has a ton of
naivete and a little bit of smarts but
she hides it because she doesn't know
how to use it and just fiercely believes
in everyone around her and in goodness
and in kindness and stumbles over her
words and we found that in the first
script really well because Jen would
write a scene and then let us sort of
improv throughout it and say what do you
think Anna would and I'd go oh I think
she would and she just said go and we
that's where the whole waitwhat came
because I say that Allah is is awkward
not you're awkward but just because
we're I'm awkward you're gorgeous
wait what she's who I want it she soo I
saw myself being when I was 10 years old
and probably who I've become because I
triple out as well and that would be the
basis of this sisterly story of fire and
ice until all so finally chill
obviously with the success the first one
you knew they were going to get a sequel
but they also amped up their foreign
markets maybe a little too well
they got Priyanka Chopra Jonas to voice
the Hindi version of Elsa they got the
girl who played an eye on Broadway
voicing young Elsa in the sequel and
they even Elizabeth Warren Elsa at this
point Elsa's Queen but she keeps hearing
voices that she can't let go Anna who
really should be running the kingdom as
to babysit Kristoff who continues to
speak moose to his reindeer and Olaf is
officially a psychopath they actually
went to meet with a psychologist and had
a bunch of questions from the
perspective of Anna Elsa Kristoff and
Olaf that they like basically asked
these questions what they learned about
Olaf was that he's psychotic like
literally like the questionnaire came
back that that characters a psychopath
also decides to follow that usher hum
that keeps her up at night and it leads
them to this enchanted forest where they
discovered two tribes that have been
frozen in time but it simply decades ago
their grandpa decided to make a treaty
with the indigenous people up north
known as a North ultra who he decides to
treat as wowing since he fears the
mystical powers they have up there
within their forests not realizing that
his fear is the true weapon hurting
arendelle in other words grandpa was
worried about magic when he was alone
pulling tricks he builds a dam which
disrupts the environmental nature of
their enchanted forest he causes a war
gets himself killed traps the remaining
tribes in a time bubble but I his son
finally got a girl
Elsa finds out through her detective
mode that her mother when she was
younger actually saved her father during
that war and so the spirits gift her mom
by having her go from a co-director
voicing her in the first to finally
getting a name and a voice in the second
just getting the the gift was actually a
power given to her firstborn which you
know didn't ruin her childhood at all
obviously since their parents died in
the first they didn't know that their
mother was a native Billy neither did
anyone else in the first so they else is
now PLC since the two tribes have been
trapped in the enchanted forest
Olaf no lie decides to give them the LME
you began
with two sisters button pouring with
magical powers one born powerless well
at least they have their parents their
parents are dead my cousins now I love
sterling K Brown as the lieutenant the
North audre in general brings up
interesting themes even if they reminded
me of the other some people from tangled
and considering that the director also
helped on Pocahontas I knew I wasn't
trippin like Anna when it came to the
colors the wind held a story a little
bit in order for Elsa to reverse her
ancestors wrongs she has to interact
with each of the four air but elements
thinking that there's a fifth element as
well there's Bruni the fire one that
reminded me of spiral and Pascal from
tangled the Earth's Giants from Noah
that represented our earth Gale the gust
of wind that eventually becomes their
ups blowing letters from one kingdom to
another and nook who was the water
spirit horse who's gonna make for a very
interesting funkopop
[Music]
obviously with it being frozen I kind of
got to talk about the music and these
three would have been the ones that
stood out to me in the sequel I
personally think the character of
Christoph is a complete and utter goof
like listen this man at the end of the
first one after seeing how grueling of
an experience it was to transport ice in
the past his maid arendelle's designated
ice cube delivery driver by the Queen
who's literal power is to freeze things
Queens orders she's named you the
official arendelle ice master and
deliverer what that's not a thing oh
sure it is he gets this air-supply type
song with the reindeer that could have
fit in these ants monster ballads know
that every mom who still has that REO
Speedwagon shirt in their closets gonna
be bumping this one during the holidays
into the unknown is the new let it go
and I'm just gonna let the creatives who
made it explain it into the unknown is
more interesting because there's been a
voice calling her and she's been
resisting it because change is hard
change is scary but there's a voice that
only she can hear and hopefully that
voice resonates with anyone who feels
like they haven't found their purpose
but their purpose is calling them does
it have higher notes than let it go it
doesn't it doesn't it's this is the note
it's a flat and it's the same as the
Heine for let it go at the the voice
sings higher notes the little the
soprano voice that she's chasing but
it's the same notes but it's it feels
higher because what we're doing with
music is into the unknown is an octave
that's your safe boundary into the
unknown is sticking your toes over the
boundary and then into the unknown
that's basically just jumping out into
the enchanted forest into the place of
growth and transformation genius Oh
laughs I'm fine song is like I him in
the dark I'm not saying that he's this
generations donkey but dad has been
getting away with some lines and for me
the joy of Olaf is I get to play so much
in the booth so in the first film I
remember doing this thing in the booth
where I said oh look I've been impaled
as a joke and then the next thing I knew
I watched the movie and they spent
millions of dollars animating that and
having Olaf impaled oh look at that
I've been impaled and so I just
literally started improvising all of
these insane things daring them to put
them in the movie and they put them in
the movie what's one thing we can look
for that you improvised Samantha but
sadly Olaf dies the water has memory so
I guess he's AI also continues to follow
that fifth element she's hearing she
dies too but you know then she doesn't
and with the help of Anna the true
leader of arendelle they break the dam
everyone comes back also walks on ice
like his breath of the wild to flex this
massive tide without even an inch of
water rising beyond the surface and
saves the day realizing that she was the
fifth element she was looking for all
along good you ain't no lilo overall
it's not better than the first in my
opinion but it still a cute move it's
got cute songs and it teaches us the
lesson that no matter what at the end of
the day tangled is still better thank
you guys for checking out this video and
I'm curious to know your thoughts down
below in the comment section maybe you
liked this movie as much as dak Shepherd
does you're promoting frozen to
as your your wife is in it and I'm your
own half of everything but I'm curious
to know your thoughts especially if you
saw it on Thanksgiving weekend because
it definitely is geared around
Thanksgiving like they play family games
and a lot of the stuff that's happening
within the movie they even pulled avatar
an avatar move because now they know
don't release your movie on Thanksgiving
release it the week before Thanksgiving
and then you start making bank you know
they outsold Toy Story Incredibles
pretty much all of Disney's animations
including the new Lion King and it's
massive you know I do like the cast if
you haven't seen in any of their
interviews definitely go check them out
especially this video right here where
they were head banging to let it go at a
gay bar I would also say the Broadway
musical I don't know where it's playing
specifically but I do think that the
behind the scenes that they do for the
reindeer is super intriguing but if I
were to add one more piece of I don't
know one more piece of the franchise I
would say you know what give them a
video game but make it on the parents
adventure when they were younger when
they were at sea I would I would want to
play that one over I don't know Olaf
avalanching himself down I'm Kirsten are
your thoughts down below in the comment
section let me know your favorite Disney
movie of this year don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and you'll
help find Samantha